Reviewer 1 : evaluation -1, confiedence 4
1. No novelty in the classification method using state of the art features (API calls).
2. Long and unorginized related work section. Individual work is not directly compared with ours.
3. Are the highlited limitation, limitations indeed ? For overfitting problem , there is no proof
4. Use of 2 servers is redudant.
5. Centralized architecture could revial users' personal info to a third party. 
	Open-source app, so everybody could check
6. Why should it be lightweight and fast ? 
7. Performance over accuracy for the reduction of the feature set. Is it worth it ? 
8. FP Rate , the one that will prevent users from ucing a legitimate app, is missing.

Reviewer 2: evaluation 1, confidence 4
1. Fix language, overflowing lines, subsection headings, typos.
2. He liked the covered literature but a more precise comparison to the proposed approach should be done.

Reviewer 3: evaluation -1, confidence 4
1. The paper doesn't cite enough related work , which is more complex than the presented one.
2. The reviewr doesn't accept the provided numbers without knowing the analyzed malware/genuine families behavior
3. Why to describe the on-device implementation? Why to install the app on the Android? 
	It works like an antivirus application on PC. It could be present to alert on real time the user for new apps.

Reviewer 4: evaluation -2 , confidence 4 
1. Weakly explanation of data mining and feature set classification. Methodology doesn't follow normal scientific procedure. 
2. Over-fitting problem is not discused enough and is not understood. 

Ranking of issues based on reviewers' opinions : 
1. Explain where the over-fitting limitation derives from. Maybe it is acceptable to have some noise after all. Or, present explicity the reason why it's unacceptable to have.
In all cases, testing sessions needs to be initiated and numeric results should be obtained to formalize the hypothesis. 
 
2. Re run the tests and provide thorough documentation of the analyzed app data. (3.2) (1.7) (1.8) (4.1)

3. Work on the related section. Minimize the extend of each one while the connection among them should be presented better(+ add more relevant citations).

4. Answer questions (1.5)(1.6)

5. Work on the language on the layout . 

